It's not right for you to divorce
me and stay married to my family.
My daughter.
she was born sleeping.
How would you describe
your marriage?
Rachel. I know
you're still married.
You know. sometimes I wish
you'd just hit me instead.
Well. if you want someone
to behave like a dick in public.
Anxiolytic.
It's a total disinhibitor.
It's not like
you're doing it for her.
-Why am I doing it?
-I'll let you down.
You haven't crossed my mind.
How are you going to stop me
from inside. eh?
-I'm going to kill him.
-There's a queue.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Yes.
He's dead.
-What?
-Jack's dead.
-Uh...
-And we killed him.
-Well. you did.
-Hey. wait a minute.
Because you said
it was something...
Anxiolytic.
It was anxiolytic.
We gave it to Emily. remember?
And she was fine.
In. like. five minutes.
And it leaves no trace.
Yeah. well. whatever it was.
I've just pulled him
out of the pool face first.
-But he's still dead.
-Yes. Tej!
Oh.
Look. I've got to call the
police before the kids get home.
All right. yeah.
Oh. wait. wait. no. no. no.
You can't.
-What?
-Because you called me.
If the police
are in any way suspicious.
the first thing they're going to
do is check your phone record...
-No. no. no. no. no.
-...which will link you to me.
to everyone.
the whole revenge club.
-What you do that for?
-Because you just said that.
No fucking point now.
Listen to me.
My phone uses an SS7 exploit.
meaning I can call
without leaving a trace.
But if I can get a hold of yours.
I can do something similar.
I can do a patch job.
scramble the records.
make it look like
you called your bank.
-Yeah. okay.
-I'm coming over.
Do not call. I repeat. do not
call.
Tej. my kids are with their
gran.
If they come home
and I haven't reported this...
-I'll be there.
-Tej. don't let anyone see you.
No one's gonna see me.
Mom and dad are asleep
and the restaurant's...
I know.
I know. Nani. I know. okay?
I'm really. really sorry. okay?
I'll call you next week.
but I really do have to...
I have to go.
Hey. hey. hey. don't think
you're going anywhere
without saying hello
to your brother. come on.
No one even told me
he was coming.
Nonsense. it was all over
the family WhatsApp group.
What family WhatsApp group?
Ro-Ro.
Beige!
Come here.
Oh. mate. I'm so sorry
I missed the wedding.
Turns out it's for the best.
though. eh?
You had a good few years?
Get up to anything fun?
Ah. you know. this and that.
He's being modest.
He went to India.
Rohan's been studying
at the Chinmaya Mission
under Swami Vishwananda himself.
Yes. studying/sent under duress
to get his anger issues
under control.
Best thing
that ever happened to me. man.
You know. I'm happier.
I'm calmer and even better.
I get to take what I've learned
and pass it on.
So many people
want to hear him lead puja.
They've had to ticket it.
2.000 of his TikTok followers
went into the ballot.
Well. I am handing out
free Krispy Kremes.
Ah.
Speaking of delicious
and a tiny bit naughty.
try.
-Oh.
-But be warned.
Anyone's ever tasted
my Handvo pancakes
has fallen for me hard.
Um. no. one Jogia boy's
quite enough. thank you.
Oh. come on.
Mm.
Yeah?
What'd I tell you?
Hey. let me...
I have to go.
Who died?
Hello?
You're never going
to believe this.
-Tej?
-Jack only went and died.
-What?
-What happened?
-Is someone there?
-Jack's dead.
-What?
-Is it Steve?
No. it's not Steve.
It's Calum.
What happened?
I don't know. but it's got
nothing to do with us.
Rachel found him face down
in the pool this morning.
Jesus.
Drowned in the pool.
Jesus Christ.
-I need to ring Rachel.
-No. do not... do not do that.
Fuck's wrong with you people?
Just sit tight. do nothing.
act normal. okay?
-Fuck.
-I know.
You okay?
Yeah. why wouldn't I be okay?
Because...
-I mean. we did just...
-No. we didn't.
Don't go there.
He was fine when we left him.
Fuck.
Sorry. Wrong house.
What sort of psycho orders
Indian takeaway at 10:00 a.m.?
Rachel.
I can see you're in shock.
And we want nothing more
than to give you the space
to take it in.
But to do that. we have
to ask you some questions.
Is that okay?
I'm sorry. I...
I can't do this.
Listen. If you do want to talk
about what happened...
Let's just keep
this simple. yeah?
Okay. now. fuck off.
What do you want. Charlotte?
-Can I come in?
-No.
Oh. okay. Um...
Well. what do you want?
It wasn't supposed
to be like this.
Oh. you don't fucking say.
Look. the wedding
is a fresh start.
For the three of us.
No matter what you might think.
I want that for you. too.
-Oh.
-I...
I want you to let us go.
-You want me to forgive you?
-No.
I'm not asking that.
A new roof
doesn't change the weather.
But it can keep out the rain a
bit.
So can you?
Can you let us go?
Okay. um...
bye then.
But you're not going to let go.
Not really. not completely.
Because it'll always be there.
that thought gnawing away
at the back of your skull.
What if he does it again?
What he said to you. he said to
me. he could say to someone else.
And when that fresh start goes
stale. Charlotte. which it will.
that thought
is going to fucking scream.
He never loved you.
Pathologist report.
Quite a cocktail in his stomach.
Cocaine.
Also found under his nails.
So. he was obviously
chopping out the lines.
Ketamine. consistent with traces
found inside baggies
left around the house.
Vodka. champagne and tequila.
All washed down
with chlorinated water.
Drowned then.
Look. the amount of ketamine
in his system.
I'm surprised he was able
to fall in. never mind get out.
Only other marks on the body
with contusions on his hand.
consistent with a punch.
Traces of blood
on the wedding ring. not his.
Which no doubt
we won't have a match for.
Well...
Who?
I think there's more to this.
His DNA has now been found
at the scene
of two suspicious deaths.
Well. that's certainly
struck a nerve.
Gut?
I can believe
Jackson punched him.
He's a very punchable guy.
But a killer?
I mean.
if there even is one. Rosa.
Time will tell.
Hiya.
Oh. Rita. Hello.
You're a bit early.
-Oh. cuppa? I'm having.
-Yes. please. thanks.
Um. milk. no sugar.
Milk. no sugar.
We. uh. the group.
we go out for drinks after.
It's really nice. actually.
We've. uh... we've... we've
actually become friends. the six of us.
That's wonderful to hear.
Well. always room for a seventh.
Well. I am always happy
to spend time with friends.
Friends.
Ah. Steven.
I heard about your dad.
How is he?
Not good.
It's been a challenging week.
For some more than others.
My trusty jasper is to hand.
should anyone need
to ground themselves.
Ah. bollocks.
Because grief is something
all of you will know.
The death of a relationship
is no less painful
than the death of a person.
It is. though.
a complicated grief.
Perhaps something there
resonates with you.
If so. the conch is yours.
-Steven?
-No.
-Anyone else?
-My dad loved my mum.
You could measure it out
in cups of tea.
Because he'd always make her
a fresh brew
if she asked for it.
Thing is. she never drank it.
Used to drive him mad.
Used to have to sit there.
watch it go cold. on the side.
And then she had the nerve
to ask him for another one.
He'd always make her a fresh
cup.
And then he'd have to sit there
and watch that go cold.
And then. she had a heart
attack.
Oh.
I mean. she was all right.
For a while.
But she...
And he still kept making them.
the silly sod.
And he'd wait for it to go cold.
and then he'd go and he'd make
her another one because she...
Because she couldn't ask for it.
Now. don't get me wrong. Sue's
brilliant. I love Sue. but...
I've been spending a lot of time
with my dad in the last week and...
can't help thinking...
I don't think Sue...
would keep making me cups of
tea.
Crusts.
Bloody hell. Um. crusts.
Yeah. Jim refused
to eat them. point blank.
Middle-aged man.
breakfast of a child.
So. I used to cut them off for
him because...
it's what you do.
-Yeah.
-RITA: You do the little things.
Sometimes I think about
setting the restaurant on fire.
-Oh. fucking hell!
-No. I wouldn't.
All my stuff's upstairs.
But then Mira wouldn't be there.
She'd have to go.
And then. she'd be out of my
life forever.
You know. my feelings
aren't complicated. I just...
I just want her to hurt.
The way I do.
But she doesn't.
How do you know she doesn't?
Wait. am I the arsehole?
It's been a week
and I still think it's him.
And then. when it isn't. I...
Sorry. I can't help it.
I've been practicing in front
of the mirror. but I just...
Does it make me a bad person?
No. of course not.
He was still
a person though. wasn't he?
Still had hopes and dreams and
things that he wanted to do.
Still could have changed.
Anyway. fuck him. who's next?
You can't be serious.
After everything that's
happened?
Should we even
still be meeting like this?
Well. diverging
from normal behaviors
could arguably look
even more suspicious.
But we don't have to just talk
about revenge. do we?
That is not all we are.
Well...
-Whose go would it be?
-Mine or Steve's.
Uh. hello. excuse me?
Well. you don't want to do it.
I didn't say that. A man died.
The police interviewed Calum.
Who's next for interrogation?
Rita. we left the party.
Whatever happened today
has got nothing to do
with any of us. right. Rachel?
Well. the police think
it's misadventure. so.
So. it's just an accident?
Oh. yeah.
but there's a few other details
that the police don't know.
aren't there?
All right.
What if we do something nice?
What are you talking about?
Well. Mira. I want her gone.
yeah.
but I've kind of gone off
the whole revenge thing now.
so instead.
why don't we just come together
to give her something
she actually wants?
-Which is?
-Easy.
To study under Raja Patel.
What's a Raja Patel?
He's like
the Gordon Ramsey of Gujarat.
I mean. she's cooked for him
before. She even blew him away.
He offered an apprenticeship
on the spot.
but she turned it down.
-Why?
-Imposter syndrome.
If she wrote to him. I know
he'd give her another chance.
Then she'd be out
of my life for good.
But she's never been able
to pluck up the courage.
Well. then good job
she's got her own PR exec
to do it for her.
That's right.
Got you something.
Well. that's incredibly morbid.
Nah. it's a collector's item.
Or it would have been.
To Mr. Smoothie.
and a case closed
with zero overtime.
Maybe there was
a killer after all.
Don't give me that look.
I invented that look.
And I'm as suspicious
as they come. Rosa.
but sometimes
it is just Occam's razor.
You don't know Occam's razor.
What I know is that you do
this job for long enough.
you rack up so many losses you
forget what a win looks like.
Look. he had the coke to come
up.
the ket to bring him down.
lost his foot and fell in.
couldn't get out.
It happens.
Oh. I'm not so sure.
He had enough ketamine in him
to bring down a rhino.
Something's not sitting right.
That'll be the Broska.
Right.
If you need some actual drinks.
can we please go to the pub?
Fine.
Cheers everyone. Ciao. Salud.
Celebrating?
Well. Mira certainly is.
She's been given
a huge opportunity.
-Oh. yeah?
-Tell him. Mira.
I'm going to be
equity partner at Rara.
You fucking what?
Well. there was a chance
we were going to lose her.
We could hardly have that.
could we?
So there was something else. then?
I got another offer from
Raja Patel.
and I can't quite believe
I turned it down again.
but. you know.
working at a restaurant
is about making it
feel like home. and...
-I found mine.
-Mine.
My home.
Fuck's sake.
Wait. Tej!
Tej!
Come here.
Look. mate.
I'm not blind.
Okay?
I can see that Mira being here
is causing you some...
Some pain. innit?
Yeah.
So. what we need
is to figure out how to get her
away.
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
No. yeah. yeah. yeah.
that... that's good.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
So. I'm going to ask her out.
-What?
-Mm-hmm.
-No! No. no. no!
-Shh! Listen.
Because if
I'm taking her out on dates
and doing all that. she's going
to be spending less time
-around here. isn't she?
-No. but you can't...
Or do you want her
around here forever?
Well. obviously not.
Because I could do fun dates
in the restaurant.
but that'd just keep her
around here more. wouldn't it?
-Right.
So dates in the restaurant.
or dates out the restaurant?
Dates out the restaurant.
Good idea!
I'd look hell a cheap otherwise.
Oh. and. you know.
to tell you the truth.
I'm actually just
a little bit relieved.
because we kind of
made out last week.
What?
But that was kind of like. you
know. part of the plan. innit?
You know. I just got a head
start.
Yeah.
Nice one. Beige.
Good talk.
You know. just once. I'd love it
if one of our plans
went off without a hitch.
♪ Whack for my daddy. oh
♪ There's whiskey in the jar
No. I've only just
killed that earworm.
Our whole Irish road trip.
Dan had it on a fucking loop.
Tej?
There's something
you should know.
You never
disconnected the cameras.
Show me.
♪ Told me that she loved me
and that she'd never leave me ♪
♪ But the devil take that woman.
for they never can be easy ♪
♪ Dum a ding. dum a doo. dum a
da ♪
♪ Whack for my daddy. oh
♪ There's whiskey in the jar
Oh. we don't need to watch this.
What are you doing?
I want to see it.
How can I not think about it?
I'll never be her.
Emily's not. you know. uh...
Don't bullshit me. I have eyes.
Here we go.
-Em. maybe you should...
-Shh.
Dan.
-Emily is beautiful.
-Ugh.
Fine. yes.
but it has made her ugly.
You know those girls
at school that are so hot
they never develop a
personality?
Emily is so much worse than that
because she did develop
a personality.
but a fucking awful one.
She's vain. and vapid.
and arrogant. and narcissistic.
When I married Emily.
I didn't know what love was.
Em.
Shut it down. Tej.
He's just saying it
because he has to say it
because she's a pitiful.
insecure wreck of a human.
-I know.
-He loved me.
I loved him.
Of course you did.
Voice of an angel.
He was my first.
Love?
Well. fuck that for a laugh.
Firsts are never good.
Trust me on that.
Lasts. on the other hand.
-Sorry about the. um...
-All good.
You'd make an excellent
bouncer. by the way.
You're fucking wasted in PR.
See. when Bex
and me started dating...
Oh. can we not do exes?
Or dating?
We're not dating.
You're either in or you're out.
And no. you can't do
an in-or-out joke.
But it's right there on the
table.
Leave it on the table.
I'm in.
And I'm out.
Come on.
Mom!
Oh. I forgot.
-She's out.
-That's fine. Um...
I just...
popped by to see how you all
were.
But something was nagging at me.
but I think it was just that I
hadn't done a welfare check yet.
How are you?
Hey. look at them.
They're fab.
Thanks. I don't usually
do nails. but Mom said I could.
I was going to do waves...
...but Joanne at school's
got blue celestial finish...
His nails.
His nails. Leon.
Why did they find coke
under them but no ketamine?
Unless somebody spiked him.
I think someone
murdered Jack Jackson.
You're not
still watching it. are you?
From one prick to another.
Come to Rara Restaurant this
Sunday
and we will feed
more than just your stomach.
Join me. Baba Om.
for a guided meditation
and walk your path to Shanti.
It's going to be Om-believable.
Apparently
he's an influencer now.
Fucking despicable human being.
You know. he's always had
everything he wants in life.
And it has never been enough.
And now he wants Mira.
If he gets her. well. then...
Then they're both
going to be in my life forever.
Look. I know he's not an ex.
I know we have rules. but...
-We make the rules.
-Yeah. let's take down Rohan.
-Hang on.
-Yeah. I'm in.
-Yeah. let's do it.
-No. no. no.
Well. don't I get a say in this? I
thought this was a democracy.
It is. We all just voted
against you.
Yeah. but what if
something goes wrong again?
-Right. Rach. tell them.
-Sorry. what were you saying?
-Wait. is this about Jim?
-No. it's not about Jim.
It's just that you're all acting
like nothing has changed.
but everything has.
Why can't any of you see that?
I'm not getting arrested
just to get back at Jim.
Oh. fuck me. you're all mad.
All of you are completely mad.
Hm. I'm out.
And nobody try and stop me.
Right. tell us about Rohan.
Okay. community golden boy.
but he never used to be.
Once upon a time. he was just
this spotty kid with anger issues.
And then he found religion.
And TikTok.
And a skincare routine.
He sort of
just put them all together.
Anyway. now he's this
teen idol guru thing.
He calls himself Baba Om
and preaches of Raja Yoga
as his path to inner peace
and his path to fame and
fortune.
It's all a lie.
He's a total
screaming hypocrite.
I geolocated his phone when he
said he was in India. and he wasn't.
He was in Ibiza.
He hasn't changed.
No matter what he says.
That angry kid's still in there.
If there's one thing that will
turn my Lula and Joshy
off an influencer.
it's lack of authenticity.
So. what you need to do
is you need to find
that angry kid inside of him
and show it to the world.
No. I don't need to show it
to the world.
Just Mira.
What about both?
Oi. Rambo. Safety glasses.
Didn't you used to run into
gunfire?
Oh. yeah. wee beauty.
You pull the pin.
You wait two seconds
and you'll get enough white
smoke to announce a pope.
I'm pretty sure throwing
military-class smoke grenades
into a family restaurant
is several sorts of illegal.
Which is why
I'm going to jerryrig a fuse
and encase it in an air
freshener.
Plausible deniability.
All you have to do is plug it
in.
Can I hold her?
All right.
-But be careful.
-Fuck's sake. I'm not seven.
Yeah.
I love you too.
Everything okay?
Silly question. really.
Yeah. that's the Jewish mom for
you.
Can't stop checking in.
Or making lasagne.
That was her letting me know
dinner's on the table.
-But you're...
-In a depressed ex-soldier's caravan
formulating a plan to take down
a Hindu guru's TikTok empire.
Yeah. life.
Comes at you fast.
I... I can't look 'em in the
eye.
The kids...
No. they idolize Jack.
And I can't tell them the truth.
I can't live the lie.
I just wish it wasn't an
accident.
-No. I...
-I get it. Rach.
I didn't mean that. It's not
what I meant. I just...
I mean. I just wish
someone had been there.
Then they could have told me.
Was he angry? Was he scared?
Unrepentant? Remorseful?
I think he was
probably just drunk. Rach.
Yeah. probably.
You should go.
Just be at home.
We can handle this one.
Calum. you fucking twat!
I barely touched it.
One fucking rule! One!
Oh. I mean...
-What did I tell you?
-I know. I know.
Hey. guys. how you doing?
Good to see you.
Hi.
Hey. buddy.
Guys. how are we doing?
Not bad. That's awesome.
Ready?
What are you doing?
Just checking
if the air freshener's working.
Breath is the gateway
to the soul. right?
That is right. brother.
I didn't realize you followed
me.
Well. on TikTok anyway.
I know about Ibiza.
How on earth did you find out
about my holiday?
You know. Swami Vishwananda
himself said the Es Vedra sunset
was the first moment
he truly understood kala.
He recommended it.
Wait.
Tej. did you...
Did you think
I was out there clubbing?
Oh. I can see you're carrying
a lot of resentment for me. eh?
But that's okay. That's okay.
I've got an eight-step
program for that.
You know. Mira's actually on it.
It's part of her. you know.
healing journey.
From you.
Oh. speaking of Mira.
quick question.
Does she spit or swallow?
When she's cooking?
You know I hate a messy kitchen.
Brothers and sisters.
family and friends.
Now. we live in a loud world.
A world of flashing screens.
endless notifications.
a thousand distractions pulling
us in a thousand directions.
Is it any wonder that
we lose ourselves in the noise?
It's almost time.
Is it any wonder when faced...
Oh. I think
we might have a problem.
Oh. fuck. fuck!
How does she even know the plan?
Oh. it's me. she asked.
I thought
she was making conversation.
But the ancient sages.
they taught that the path
to peace is not about
escaping the world.
No. But engaging
with it. fully.
Now. let's all take a moment
to breathe into our peace.
After everything. I thought better
of you than to drop us all in it.
Emily. I wasn't. I... I
wouldn't. You're my friends.
I... I was
just going to say that someone
was going to spoil the event.
That was it.
I just don't want
anyone else to get hurt.
For the last time. Rita. Jack...
I don't care about Jack.
I care about you.
I mean. look at us.
Rachel has got no closure.
Calum is at war with Bex.
Dan is still inside your head.
Are any of us actually any
happier?
Can't we just talk?
If Jim and I had talked.
we wouldn't be in this mess.
Okay.
Okay?
Go on then. Talk to Rohan.
And after. when you're done.
when Mira and Rohan are
official. and Tej. our friend.
is more miserable than ever.
then you talk to him.
So then...
just take a breath.
Let us do our thing.
And after. we'll call you
and go to the pub.
six of us. your friends.
and we'll talk. okay?
-Okay.
Emily.
Be careful.
Everything all right?
Emily?
Yeah. Yeah. fine.
Om.
That's the signal.
Everyone. everyone. everyone
stay calm. Stay calm. Stay calm.
It... it's Photoshop.
Those are... It's deepfakes.
That... that's not me.
This is you. This is all...
He's always been jealous of me.
I'm telling you.
just fucking look at him.
Now he's been
acting suspicious all day.
All day.
He even knew about Ibiza.
No. No. no. no. no. no.
No. I mean.
I was in Ibiza. but I wasn't...
You know. I wasn't...
Fuck off. Nani!
-Ooh.
-Oh. my God.
We got him.
I still can't believe
that you found a photograph
of him shirtless
at a beach party on horseback.
Where there's a will...
I still can't believe
nothing went wrong.
Only because Emily
talked Rita off a ledge.
Where is she. anyway?
Oh. fuck.
Well. she's hearted it.
so I think we've...
Your mom said you'd been doing
these meetings.
That's good.
The course convener said
I'd find you here.
That you'd made friends.
That's good. too.
It's like there's this...
well. and it's bottomless.
nothing fills it. ever.
Not people. or food. or love.
Never love.
Love just makes it deeper.
On some days. every now and
then.
when the kitchen was buzzing...
And your mom was yelling.
the tables were rammed.
the plates were spilling over.
on days like that. it just
about touched the sides.
But that came at a cost.
I came to say I'm leaving.
I'm taking up
Raja Patel's apprenticeship.
My cab's outside.
I know it was you who emailed
him.
You're the only person I told.
I just have one question.
How did you know he'd still
want me?
Because your food tastes like
home.
Our daughter?
I would've called her Amaya.
Amaya.
Goodbye. Amaya.
You know.
Dan was wrong about one thing.
He said I built myself up
based on how I look.
I didn't.
I built myself up
based on how he made me feel.
It was my platform and now it's
gone.
I feel like there's this...
void beneath me and I...
I don't know what to do.
Just float.
Float?
Look. I'm just a roofer.
But Dan's an idiot.
You're kind. you're loyal...
and you're exciting.
Float.
You know. maybe instead of
coming over later. later. you could...
maybe come over early later?
Like. for dinner?
I've got a meeting with the
lawyer about Bella in a bit.
It's just crossing the Is
and dotting the Ts.
Come over straight after.
It's Dan.
-Hello?
-What the fuck. Emily?
Charlotte has been grumpy
for weeks and I thought
it was just wedding nerves.
but it turns out it's you.
It's fucking you.
What did you say to her?
I... I don't even want to know.
It'll be poison.
You drip poison. Emily.
You can't help it.
It's just who you are.
It's why everyone leaves you.
Just say the word.
What do you mean
I've got to let them go?
I mean. Mr. Bird.
there's actually nothing
you can do to stop Bex
moving Bella to Spain.
I thought all this
was just a formality.
I thought this was
just about ticking boxes.
Something has come to light.
It seems Mrs. Bird
has been made aware
of your recent involvement
in a police investigation.
Involvement? How did they...
I'm not even a suspect.
It doesn't matter.
It creates an impression.
It's suggestive
of a person who's not...
Ah. fuck off. Barry!
I'll have one. if you're making.
It's made.
All right.
Well. I've told my dad.
-That's how you know it's real.
-Mm-hmm.
I don't know how much he took
in. but I've told him.
Why?
Why what?
Why wouldn't he have taken it
in?
Because he's fading. Sue.
Anyway...
Oh. that sounds awful. Steven.
Let's. um...
Let's push pause on this. shall
we?
I think sometimes it takes a
shock
to make you realize what's
important.
How about I make you
that nice cup of tea. then?
Maybe we can talk.
-Oh.
-No.
It's all right.
I'm a shit brother.
But we both know
they were deepfakes. Tej.
You know how I'm so sure?
Because I genuinely
never set foot in a club
the entire time I was in Ibiza.
And you can lie
to everyone else.
I deserve it.
But you can't lie to me.
Does it feel good. what you
did. Tej?
Does it make you happy?
Yeah.
You sure you're okay?
Aye. just sometimes
I get these headaches.
I'll be fine by morning.
We could do breakfast. then.
-Still have dessert.
-You're on.
Dan doesn't know
what he's missing.
-Night. Poppins.
-Bye.
Hey.
I just wanted to say good luck.
I just wanted to wish you good
luck.
Good luck.
♪ As I was a goin' over
the Cork and Kerry mountains ♪
♪ I met with Captain Farrell
and his money he was counting ♪
♪ I first produced my pistol
and then produced my rapier ♪
♪ And said stand and deliver
♪ Or the devil.
he may take ya ♪
♪ And it's
a ring dum-a do dum-a da ♪
♪ Whack for my daddy-o.
whack for my daddy-o ♪
♪ There's whiskey in the jar
♪ I took all of his money
and it was a pretty penny ♪
♪ I put it in my pocket
and I give it all to Jenny ♪
♪ She told me that she loved
me ♪
♪ And that she'd never leave
♪ But the devil take that woman
'cause they never can be easy ♪
♪ And it's
a ring dum-a do dum-a da ♪
♪ Whack for my daddy-o.
whack for my daddy-o ♪
♪ There's whiskey in the jar
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm